{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Documentation of the vaccine_list file\
# This config file includes vaccine schedules that will be delivered in the simulation.\
#\
# name: \
# name of the schedule: the modified schedule name is used to get the antibody levels from the vaccine_induced_antibody_levels.csv. \
# The following names are included in the vaccine_induced_antibody_levels.csv files: \
# paediatric schedules: pcv7_30, pcv13_catchup, pcv13_21, pcv13_30, pcv13_31, pcv15_21, pcv20_21, pcv20_31\
# adult schedules: ppsv23, V116_adult, pcv13_adult, pcv15_adult, pcv20_adult\
# the modification in the vaccine name removes the part after "_" if the last part is not in ["21", "31", "30", "adult", "catchup"].\
# Example schedule names: "ppsv23_65-70-yearolds", "pcv15_adult_71-80-yearolds"\
#\
# years:\
# the years where vaccines are given. We assume that vaccine schedule start at the beginning of the year and ends at the end of the year. If other vaccine timings are needed the interval unit can be changed into "days" than "years" and the "check_vaccines()" function date check must be updated accordingly. Both min and max values are included in the range ie: [0,2]: vaccine is given in years 0,1,2.\
#\
# previous_vacc: \
# Whether the individuals are needed to have previous vaccination to be eligible for the vaccine. Make sure that previous_vacc name uses the modified schedule name and the name is included in the vaccine_induced_antibody_levels.csv\
#\
# vaccination_age_range:\
# the age range of the individuals who are eligible to receive the vaccination. Both min and max values are included in the range ie: [0,2]: 0,1,2 year-olds are eligible for vaccination.\
#\
# daily_schedule: \
# It should how many doses and which day of the individuals "age_days" they will receive the doses. This ensures that we only check once for individuals whether they will receive vaccination on time or late as well as a distributed vaccine schedule across the year.\
# Examples 1: [60, 120, 180]: Individuals if they receive the vaccination on time, they receive doses at when they are "their age + 60 days old", "their age + 120 days old", "their age + 180 days old". \
# Examples 2: [60]: Individuals if they receive the vaccination on time, they receive doses at when they are "their age + 60 days old". \
#\
# late_vacc_age:\
# age of the individuals if they will receive vaccination not on time.\
#\
# on_time_coverage_frac:\
# on time vaccination coverage. The coverage start at the initial year of the vaccine schedule and if the vaccine years are longer than the on_time_coverage_frac list, then the last values is used for the rest of the years.\
# Example 1: years: [2,5] (vaccine is given years 2, 3, 4, and 5), on_time_coverage_frac: [0.1, 0.5]. In year 2, only 0.1 proportion of eligible individuals receive vaccination. In years 3,4, and 5, 0.5 proportion of eligible individuals receive vaccination.\
#\
# late_coverage_frac:\
# late vaccination coverage. The coverage start at the initial year of the vaccine schedule and if the vaccine years are longer than the late_coverage_frac list, then the last values is used for the rest of the years.\
# Example 1: years: [2,5] (vaccine is given years 2, 3, 4, and 5), late_coverage_frac: [0.1, 0.5]. In year 2, only 0.1 proportion of eligible individuals who are selected as the late vaccine receivers receive vaccination. In years 3,4, and 5, 0.5 proportion of eligible individuals who are selected as the late vaccine receivers receive vaccination. The sum of on_time_coverage_frac and late_coverage_frac for each year must be <= 1.\
#\
# vaccine_given:\
# vaccine_given name must be included in strain_list.csv.\
#\
# is_only_protective_against_IPD:\
# used for PPV vaccines which are assumed to be only effective against IPD not for transmission or CAP.\
#\
# _comments:\
# not used in the model; just a comment column for the modeller}